README.md, before:

# Homebrew (un)installer

## Install Homebrew (on macOS or Linux)

```bash
/bin/bash -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/HEAD/install.sh)"
```

More installation information and options: <https://docs.brew.sh/Installation>.

If you're on macOS, try out our new `.pkg` installer. Download it from [Homebrew's latest GitHub release](https://github.com/Homebrew/brew/releases/latest).

If you are running Linux or WSL, [there are some pre-requisite packages to install](https://docs.brew.sh/Homebrew-on-Linux#requirements).

You can set `HOMEBREW_NO_INSTALL_FROM_API` to tap Homebrew/homebrew-core; by default, it will not be tapped as it is no longer necessary.

You can set `HOMEBREW_BREW_GIT_REMOTE` and/or `HOMEBREW_CORE_GIT_REMOTE` in your shell environment to use geolocalized Git mirrors to speed up Homebrew's installation with this script and, after installation, `brew update`.

```bash
export HOMEBREW_BREW_GIT_REMOTE="..."  # put your Git mirror of Homebrew/brew here
export HOMEBREW_CORE_GIT_REMOTE="..."  # put your Git mirror of Homebrew/homebrew-core here
/bin/bash -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/HEAD/install.sh)"
```

The default Git remote will be used if the corresponding environment variable is unset.

If you want to run the Homebrew installer non-interactively without prompting for passwords (e.g. in automation scripts), you can use:

```bash
NONINTERACTIVE=1 /bin/bash -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/HEAD/install.sh)"
```

## Uninstall Homebrew

```bash
/bin/bash -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/HEAD/uninstall.sh)"
```

If you want to run the Homebrew uninstaller non-interactively, you can use:

```bash
NONINTERACTIVE=1 /bin/bash -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/HEAD/uninstall.sh)"
```

If you want to to uninstall Homebrew from a specific prefix (e.g. when migrating from Intel to Apple Silicon processors), download the uninstall script and run it with `--path`:

```
curl -fsSLO https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/HEAD/uninstall.sh
/bin/bash uninstall.sh --path /usr/local
```

Run the downloaded script with `/bin/bash uninstall.sh --help` to view more uninstall options.

Commit message:

Install: allow the user to specify an install prefix.
		    Allow one to install Homebrew in a location of their choosing, rather than relying solely on defaults. In the event that $HOMEBREW_INSTALL_PREFIX is unspecified, the architecture-dependent install locations will be used.

README.md, after:

# Homebrew (un)installer

## Install Homebrew (on macOS or Linux)

```bash
/bin/bash -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/HEAD/install.sh)"
```

More installation information and options: <https://docs.brew.sh/Installation>.

If you're on macOS, try out our new `.pkg` installer. Download it from [Homebrew's latest GitHub release](https://github.com/Homebrew/brew/releases/latest).

If you are running Linux or WSL, [there are some pre-requisite packages to install](https://docs.brew.sh/Homebrew-on-Linux#requirements).

You can set `HOMEBREW_NO_INSTALL_FROM_API` to tap Homebrew/homebrew-core; by default, it will not be tapped as it is no longer necessary.
To install Homebrew to a user-specified directory, use `HOMEBREW_INSTALL_PREFIX` like so:
```bash
HOMEBREW_INSTALL_PREFIX='/where/to/install/homebrew' curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/HEAD/install.sh
````
You can set `HOMEBREW_BREW_GIT_REMOTE` and/or `HOMEBREW_CORE_GIT_REMOTE` in your shell environment to use geolocalized Git mirrors to speed up Homebrew's installation with this script and, after installation, `brew update`.

```bash
export HOMEBREW_BREW_GIT_REMOTE="..."  # put your Git mirror of Homebrew/brew here
export HOMEBREW_CORE_GIT_REMOTE="..."  # put your Git mirror of Homebrew/homebrew-core here
/bin/bash -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/HEAD/install.sh)"
```

The default Git remote will be used if the corresponding environment variable is unset.

If you want to run the Homebrew installer non-interactively without prompting for passwords (e.g. in automation scripts), you can use:

```bash
NONINTERACTIVE=1 /bin/bash -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/HEAD/install.sh)"
```

## Uninstall Homebrew

```bash
/bin/bash -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/HEAD/uninstall.sh)"
```

If you want to run the Homebrew uninstaller non-interactively, you can use:

```bash
NONINTERACTIVE=1 /bin/bash -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/HEAD/uninstall.sh)"
```

If you want to uninstall Homebrew from a specific prefix (e.g. when migrating from Intel to Apple Silicon processors), download the uninstall script and run it with `--path`:

```
curl -fsSLO https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/HEAD/uninstall.sh
/bin/bash uninstall.sh --path /usr/local
```

Run the downloaded script with `/bin/bash uninstall.sh --help` to view more uninstall options.
